♪ Shut my eyes close ♪
♪ Feels like
there's a light still burning ♪
♪ In the darkness ♪
♪ Every moment ♪
♪ Passes to become another ♪
♪ And I'm still waitin' ♪
♪ And you'll walk in ♪
♪ Through the tall tree ♪
♪ In the forest ♪
♪ Of my dreams ♪
♪ When you find me ♪
♪ I'll be waiting ♪
♪ With the promise ♪
♪ That I can keep ♪
♪ I know that
everything is perfect ♪
♪ And I know that
everything is right ♪
♪ I know that
everything is perfect ♪
Oh, don't stop.
Oh, that feels so good. Alright.
♪ And I know that ♪
♪ Everything is right ♪
Oh, yeah, right there.
Oh, keep going.
Don't stop, don't stop.
Stop.
God.
Why did you do that, choke me?
You know, I wanna start
exploring more in bed.
Okay, but choking me, really?
I don't know if I'm into that.
What, it's fun.
I wish you would choke me more.
Okay. I guess I can try.
What else?
What about bringing in a third?
- Kayla.
- I know a couple.
Rad?
You keep asking me and asking me
and every time, I'm gonna
give you the same answer.
If you're intimate
with another person
other than the person
you're with, it's cheating.
Period.
How come you can't see that?
I don't think so.
If you're in love with someone
truly in love,
nothing can break that,
not even both of us
fucking another person.
Oh, my God, Kayla, why'd you
have to put it like that?
- Like what?
- Fucking.
- Fucking another person.
- Fucking, yes.
'Cause that's what it is.
It's just sex.
It's not what we have.
We make love.
Why do I feel like
your past relationships
keep creeping into ours?
Baby, I'm over my past.
Really, then why aren't you
over this idea
of being
in an open relationship?
No. No, I never said that.
I do not want
an open relationship with you.
Maybe I've done that before,
but, baby, that is not us.
I've not asked you for that.
Okay, then what are you asking?
I don't want us to get bored.
I don't wanna get bored.
I know myself.
I'm gonna get bored,
and I'll leave
and I don't wanna do that,
not with you.
This is actually
me fighting for us.
No, I'm not,
I'm not cool with that
and if you love me,
you'll respect that.
Baby, don't.
Where are you going?
Need a shower. You know,
wash off my stuffiness.
Hmm, so beautiful.
This is all a dream
and you're about to wake up.
I don't think I want to wake up.
Babe, get ready.
We're leaving in 30 minutes.
Shit.
Why'd we have to leave so early?
Babe, it's like,
a four-hour drive.
Think I'd rather just stay here,
and watch you all day.
Well, we got places to go.
Alright, I guess.
♪ You can heal me ♪
♪ With soul in my mouth ♪
- 'You're gonna love Glory.'
- Uh, wait, Glory?
This is her third fiancee.
- Three. Like one, two, three.
- How?
This last guy was some
Vegas hotel developer
and the first guy
was her college professor.
Or our college professor.
Whoa, same class?
- Did she at least get an A?
- So stupid, yes, of course.
'Hey, how about this new guy
we're meeting?'
'If this dude
has the balls to land Glory'
'he must be some sort
of God or the devil.'
'Hmm.'
♪ I stayed now ♪
Glory?
I hear people.
Hey, Glory, it's Kayla.
'Lemme try the doorbell.'
Wow, one hell of a doorbell.
Geez.
Uh, maybe there's a door
around back.
- Let's go check.
- Yeah, let's try it.
You sure it's a good idea?
Yeah. Of course, why not?
- It's open.
- Alright.
Wow.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
I think it's coming
from down the hall.
- Come on.
- Hmm.
What is that sound?
You know, this place is amazing.
Yeah, works pretty cool.
Okay, that's definitely
Glory fucking.
- Really?
- I'm sure.
I lived with the bomb two years.
Think it's coming from upstairs.
No, it's definitely coming
from this way.
No, that sounds like
a couple of animals.
Are you sure that's people?
I'm sure, it's just sex.
'Stop.'
No, no more.
'No, stop, oh!'
'Stop, oh.'
Stop.
Fuckin' there?
Daddy!
- Oh, yes, yes.
- Fuck, fuck, fuck.
- Fuck.
- Oh, yes, yes.
Yes! Yes, oh.
Stop it. Stop it, stop it.
Stop. Stop!
'I'll take it.'
Yes, oh. Daddy, daddy!
'Oh, daddy.'
Rad.
What was that?
Did they know we were coming?
That is Glory.
- Oh.
- Fuck.
- Ahh.
- Good girl.
This place is crazy.
I cannot believe
Glory moved in here with him.
Is this what the weekend's
gonna be like?
- Oh, baby. No.
- What's going on there?
Relax, remember,
we said we were gonna have fun.
- Oh, baby.
- Don't you feel toxic fun.
- It's an adventure.
- Yeah.
Let's try to let loose, alright.
Maybe we can catch the sunset.
Yeah, let's check it out.
Wow.
Man, I'm guessing
that was numero three.
Yeah, that wasn't the welcome
I was expecting.
Kind of hot though.
Yeah, three.
Just a little bit
of gorgeousness.
Just a little.
Hmm, baby.
I know.
Ah, two years.
Man, it's the longest
anything I've ever had.
And you are the first to make
two years feel like five.
I know I'm tight, tight.
You know, the whole cop thing.
Protests.
You know, the investigation's
going on, everything.
- Hey. Hey.
- But I'm just--
I've dealt with your shit
for this long.
Maybe I'm starting
to rub off on you a little.
You are.
What's up, fuckers?
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
I have missed you.
- It's been so long.
- Too fucking long, sister.
- And you, sir?
- Rad, this is Glory.
Aka my sister from another
mister, the devil's daughter.
Humbly at your service, officer.
Kayla, I cannot wait
for you to meet
my fucking smoking hot man.
You mean numero tres bae?
Fuck you, bitch,
I can't help it.
I know you can't.
Hey, Rad, would you mind
getting us girls
some toxic love potions
from the kitchen?
- Right, sure, yeah.
- Drinks with lots of alcohol.
- Okay, I got it.
- Yeah.
Angelo knows what I like.
- Angelo, got it.
- Yeah.
Angelo? Angelo,
that's his fucking name?
Yeah, but, um, I call him
daddy sometimes.
Kayla, oh, my God,
you have got to let me
have some of that Radness.
- No, Glory, stop.
- Please.
- No.
- I've never had a cop before.
And, bitch, you still owe me
from college.
Please let me have some
new D before I get married.
Early wedding present.
This one might be off limits.
Please, I need.
I'll trade you.
- Glory.
- Kayla.
One last hurrah for us, mmm?
- Fuck it.
- Good girl.
I have so much to tell you.
So much has been happening.
Oh, I know, we have
so much to catch up on.
'We really do.'
'Oh, fuck.'
Fuck.
- Oh.
- Hey, man. Uh--
Shh, don't fuck up my high.
Oh, that's good.
Your turn, buddy, oh.
- My turn what?
- Oh, coke.
Yoga koga. Oh, my gosh.
This deep inhale and exhale
is like fucking unicorns
coming outta your nose, man.
So good.
You do realize I'm a cop, right?
Oh, I'll take that as a hard no.
- Yeah, definitely.
- Alright, cool.
You must be the infamous Rad.
- Uh, yeah, you know me?
- Little.
Well, look, Rad,
this is my castle, welcome.
What's mine is literally
gonna be all yours.
- Okay.
- Enjoy it. Okay.
Alright, yeah, great.
So the girls they sent me
in here to get some drinks,
and they said you can
help me out with that, man.
So you can show me
what we need to do? Um.
Unless, uh,
too fucked up to know
what I'm saying right now--
Just trying to hear you out.
Just trying to listen
to your vibration.
It's our first time meeting,
you know.
Did you bring the all whites
'cause we're doing
an all white party tonight.
- You got the memo, right?
- Yeah, I believe Kayla...
- Nice, nice.
- Packed them for me. So--
- Fucking party time for sures.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Anyway, you know,
if we could just stay on,
just a stop for just a second,
trying to get the girls happy.
- The drinks?
- Drinks.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Mm, mm.
Drinks, ladies, libations, sure.
What should we get 'em?
Something from the bottom shelf.
- Sure, that works. Yeah.
- Cool.
'So what's with you two?'
Is it serious?
Hey, can you believe it?
Wow, Kayla.
So is it an open relationship,
or is it one of those
vanilla, monogamous,
exclusive things?
Glory, why do you have
to put it like that?
Girl, we both know
you're not made for monotony.
I know, I know.
- But...
- "But", that's it?
That's a big ass but.
What is it with him?
Oh, it's because
he wears a uniform.
Hey, you know that turns me on.
'I do.'
No, but he's so sweet
and he's caring
and compassionate.
Oh, sorry, I just fell asleep
listening to your bullshit.
But really, Glory,
he is loyal as fuck,
and I don't have to go
to bed at night worrying
that he is gonna cheat on me.
And the second reason?
Come on, spit it out.
He gives me balance.
Jesus.
You and this balance shit.
I'm over here overdosing
on the pleasures of life
and you are stuck
in a yoga pose.
- But he's a cop.
- So?
And I could just get him
to loosen up a degree more
it would be perfect.
Hmm.
I may be able
to help you with that.
Not to let the cat
out of the bag too soon,
but Angelo and I have
this sexy little thing going on,
and I thought maybe
you'd be down to join us.
Shit.
I kind of told Rad that
this weekend would be about us.
You know I love exploring.
- And?
- But, hey.
If I can get Rad to agree,
I'm in.
Good.
I'm down.
Are you guys ready?
Rad, does it look like
we're ready?
Ooh, sorry.
Babe, we'll be down
in a few minutes.
'Alright, alright.'
'Okay, laugh all you want'
'but I have split my pants'
squatting in front of
an entire yoga class before.
- Wow, I wanna see that.
- Alright, cool.
And, uh, so how did
you two meet again?
Mmm.
Rome, swinger party.
- Glory.
- What?
- 'Yeah.'
- So Rad must be a beast in bed.
He is a beast.
Yeah, does he use his handcuffs?
No, not yet.
But I have a confession.
We gotta here a little early
and caught
you two fucking
in the living room.
- Am I embarrassed?
- Certainly did.
Oh, the hell you are.
You like being watched.
I really do, and you. Oh.
Yeah, I actually thought
you needed some help in there.
I wasn't sure what to do.
Um, Rad, it's called role play.
- Hmm, oh, okay.
- You freak, did you like it?
- A tad.
- Slut, you know you liked it.
Don't listen to her.
Was it as hot
as when I caught you
banging our professor?
- Wow.
- Glory, Jesus.
- Whoa, professor?
- Yup.
- Oh, this is good.
- Don't.
- Why?
- Stop.
No, I'm telling it.
Yeah, so anyway, senior year
I had transferred
from university in Sydney
to college in the States
and that's where
I met this girl, Kayla
and I didn't think I could
find a girl as wild as I am.
I caught her banging
our English professor.
I guess someone was looking
for some extra credit.
- Glory.
- Wow, really, Kayla?
No surprise
if you're hanging with this one
to lead you astray.
- Can we not?
- 'Hey, hey, I'm guilty, too.'
- 'I joined them.'
- Threesome, wow.
- It just keeps getting better.
- It was more like a fuck fest.
- Glory.
- Okay.
'What? What?'
'What did I say?
The truth, so punish me.'
Uh, but guess what?
Uh, it's the first time
I had Kayla go down on me.
- 'Yeah, it was.'
- Wow, okay.
- 'I wish I was there.'
- 'And?'
'The real story comes out,
Kayla.'
- 'Nice.'
- Kayla.
Baby, there is one thing
that Angelo beats you at.
Forgive my friend.
She gets like this.
Let me save you, Rad.
Raise it up, what do we turn to?
- To what?
- To you being my bridesmaid.
Bitch, you don't have
any other friends
who can put up with your shit.
- Okay.
- 'Who else would be?'
- Um, I told her a little bit.
- 'Hmm.'
She said maybe,
but I'll take that as a yes.
- Did she?
- Told her what?
You know what, I'll explain
everything later, no worries.
- Oh, to your wedding?
- Mmm, not so fast.
We're not there yet,
but how about
to this long fucking weekend
we're about to have?
Fuck, yes,
to this yummy weekend.
- Ah.
- Good time.
- Love that.
- Alright.
- Down the hatch.
- Let's fucking party.
- Alright.
- Hmm.
Uh-hmm.
- Wow.
- Man, that is...
- It's pretty strong.
- That is strong.
I'm fucking ready for dessert.
Glory, any ideas?
- Good, or bad.
- Oh.
Or naughty?
You know, I'm getting
a little bored
with this conversation so...
Glory, what are you doing?
Kayla, it's me reminding you
how we always used
to live it up.
Okay.
- Um. Hmm.
- Did not expect that.
Wow.
That Glory, bad influence.
Okay, yeah, so...
But I don't know,
it's kind of a good influence.
I think I'm gonna join her.
And I know
she's a lot to handle.
And I hope you handle it.
Hmm, good, yeah.
'Glory.'
- Hmm
- What do you think?
About Glory, about him?
Let's join them.
Did that really happen?
Baby, don't, not now.
Okay.
Alright, don't be
the last one in.
Come on, babe, let's go.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, and look
who's decided to show up.
- Party town.
- Come join us.
- Party of four.
- Let's go.
That's what I'm talking about.
You like when I do that.
Okay.
♪ Before I'm in
and I'm begging like please ♪
♪ Get down on your knees ♪
♪ Said you want it like this ♪
May I kiss you?
♪ I'll make you weak
get you begging like please ♪
♪ Get down on your knees ♪
♪ Said you want it like this ♪
Join us.
♪ Now that I'm in your sheets ♪
♪ I'll make you weak
get you begging like ♪
♪ You say that you're lost
but baby I won't let you down ♪
Together.
♪ We won't tell anyone ♪
♪ How you scream when ♪
Oh, no, Rad.
Rad, don't, where are you going?
Rad.
Relax, man.
Relax.
Come on, just fucking work, dammit.
'Rad.'
'Baby, come back.'
Coming.
Look, Rad, Rad, Rad,
Rad, Rad. What's up, man?
Here, here, here.
Try this, try this, try this.
This will help.
It'll help loosen...
- Trust me, go ahead.
- Alright.
You okay with all this?
- No, actually, I'm not, but--
- No, no, no.
Doesn't look like
I have a choice.
'No, you have a choice, man.'
'I mean, come on,
I mean, look, alright,'
'if it makes it easier,'
how about you and Kayla
watch us first?
See how it goes,
get in the mood.
Okay, okay. How about, alright.
Even easier, me and Glory
watch you guys
and when you feel comfortable,
we can jump in.
Bro, bro, look,
I'm not trying to be naked
around another guy.
- I'm not gay, alright?
- No one's...
You're missing
the big picture, man.
No one's calling you gay.
And it's not about
being gay or straight.
None of that, man.
It doesn't even matter.
If you're sure about yourself
you can be naked
around anyone, man.
And besides, dude,
you already seen me naked.
- I mean, come on, bro.
- Yeah.
And I'm trying to get
that picture outta my mind.
Alright, look, fair enough,
but the ladies
are having a good time.
I know you don't want
to crash the party.
I know Kayla wants
you to have a good time, so...
Alright.
Fuck it.
I'll sacrifice.
I'll go first.
Follow my lead, alright?
You're welcome to Glory.
You're welcome to have
a good time for you.
It won't insult me,
anything like that, okay?
I'll take lead.
See what happens, okay?
- Got this. Here.
- I don't know, man.
More fire water
gives you courage.
- Yeah.
- No worries.
Oh, ladies, part two.
We are back with Rad in tow.
Right, where did we leave off?
I think I was right here.
Rad...
- What the fuck, man?
- What's up, man?
I told you I was not cool
with this shit.
- Rad, what the fuck?
- Oh, my.
Alright, alright.
A little too fast for you?
I'm not cool with this.
Come on.
Kayla, let's go.
- Wow.
- Alright.
Yeah, that's good.
- It looks good on me, right?
- It does.
Shucks, I guess it's just
doing your dick tonight.
Well, I could think
of worse things.
But you know what?
I owe you, so let me show you
something special.
- How about that?
- Sure, daddy, lead the way.
Alright, cool.
You can't go around
hitting my friends.
Now, Angelo's your friend?
You just met him.
What is your problem, Rad?
- Jealous?
- Problem?
That you had sex
with your best friend?
- Who are you jealous of?
- Fuck, dunno where to start.
I'm here with you, only you.
We agreed this weekend
would be about having fun.
What happened to you saying,
"You know, everything"?
What are you talking about?
Your professor, did you get an A
for fucking your professor too,
or is that just Glory?
I was 20, I didn't know better.
Yeah, like now.
You know, that was my past.
Are you gonna judge me?
Who made you budge,
do I go around judging you?
Are you so perfect?
- And kiss Angelo, really?
- What?
- It was a group thing.
- Group thing, Jesus.
Kayla, you didn't tell me
what was gonna happen tonight.
- I'm so lost.
- We did talk about it.
I told you I wanted
to start exploring more
and this was the perfect
opportunity to do stuff.
Fuck, you set all this up,
didn't you?
This is all just a big ploy
to get me to come
to the dark side.
What the hell. No, Rad, no.
I didn't even know any of this
was going to happen.
Yeah, really? Just believe
you now? How convenient.
What a coincidence
that all this happens tonight,
this weekend, and I'm just
supposed to accept this?
Really, you think
that I would do that to you?
Like I would be so malicious
and fuck you over like that?
You know, you need
to stop treating me
like some sort of suspect.
This isn't a crime.
I didn't do anything illegal.
You're always seeing
the negative and everything,
just like a cop.
You know what?
Why don't you go
chill the fuck out, officer.
♪ Who can save me ♪
♪ Bleak skies raining ♪
Yeah, right there.
Right there.
Oh, fuck.
Oh! Oh, God, so good.
♪ Down in the darkness ♪
'Ah, daddy.'
♪ It's so cold ♪
♪ Down in the darkness ♪
- You ready?
- I'm ready.
- Uh-huh, you ready.
- Oh, God, I'm gonna squirt.
I'm gonna squirt.
I'm coming.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God.
♪ Down in the darkness ♪
Oh, daddy.
Thank you.
- Fuck.
- 'Oh, fuck.'
'Oh, my God. I deserve that.'
I needed that.
- Thank you, baby.
- Thank you, daddy.
Fuck you too, man.
Kayla, baby.
What?
Why are you sitting
alone in a bathtub?
Don't worry about it.
Earlier, I told you a little bit
about that whole thing
with Angelo.
What that he's your master now,
you belong to him?
Sounds like the life. Lucky you.
That's just the surface.
But first.
Ah.
Brother Rad,
what you doing up there, man?
I don't know.
Won't you come down here,
shoot some shit with me?
Okay.
Come on, man, I won't bite.
It's a fucked up night, right?
You think.
You know what,
you'd live a lot longer...
...if you didn't take things
so personal.
Sharing the girl I love,
yeah, I don't know, man.
I'm gonna take that
little personal.
So what, cops can't enjoy life?
I don't know.
It's not about that, look.
There's a difference
between legal and illegal.
Like your coke habit,
for instance.
What about it?
It's the kind of thing
I put people in jail for.
Rad
I'm trying to get you
to stop thinking like a cop.
Start feeling
like a human being.
Life gave you a gift.
Life was like, "Here, Rad,
here's two beautiful
women in front of you."
What are you gonna do?
Man, come on, don't tell me
some cliche bullshit, like
"You only live once,"
or, "Life is too short."
You know what?
Life is as short as you make it.
And I've been trying
my whole life to live forever.
Yeah, well, how's that
working out for you so far?
Well, hopefully, by the end
of this weekend, we'll find out.
Girl, how do you do it?
Because I know you don't do
yoga every day like I do.
- Good genes maybe.
- Yeah, right.
No, but seriously,
what's your secret?
- You look flawless.
- Well
When you live stress-free,
no work, no boss.
No work, really?
What about that VP status
you were pulling at the bank?
Mmm, left that.
The fuck when, that was
what Like 300K a year?
- Five.
- Five?
Glory, you left
half a mill on the table?
For what, when?
Angelo?
For dick, for dude?
Glory, what the fuck?
Don't give me shit.
Glory, after you stopped
dating the college professor
you still kept your gig,
and the second guy was, what,
a Vegas hotel developer,
and you still didn't
give up your career.
Your point is?
My point is, Glory,
you don't give up your life
for a guy because you... You.
It doesn't end up working out,
and you're gonna leave him
and then what?
You're left with nothing?
But what if it's forever
this time?
Give me a moment
and let me throw the fuck up.
- Kayla, stop.
- Glory, seriously.
What the fuck did you do?
Is Angelo really that loaded?
Oh, my God.
Don't tell me
it's about the sex.
Kayla, have you squirted?
- What are you drinking?
- Have you?
- What is it?
- Fuck me, you haven't.
You poor thing.
Not funny.
Hey.
What's it like?
You know, before I met Angelo
I thought it was some myth.
Like, something only
porn stars could do
because they've taken
so many dicks.
In the past, I thought
I just needed to pee.
So time and time again,
I stopped.
I mean who the fuck
wants to take a piss in bed
while having sex?
But I had it all wrong
this whole time.
Do you know
how rare it is to squirt?
No, how rare?
Fucking rare.
Are you fucking kidding me?
We are depriving ourselves
this gift from the Gods.
Fuck, and when you put it
that way.
You see, in order to squirt,
the secret is you've gotta
relax,
and I mean, fucking relax.
And I'm not talking
about the body.
I've been fucked
a thousand times,
and my body's felt helpless
and totally relaxed.
I'm talking about the mind.
It's all mental.
Angelo's the one who guided me.
Finally, Kayla, I have met a man
who has the patience
to not just fuck my brains out
but who genuinely
wants me to reach
the highest rounds of pleasure.
Like, squirting is like,
being mind-fucked first,
and then once your mind relaxes
it tells your body to trigger
something in your kitten.
Trigger?
I have to believe
we all have it.
I mean, I went from squirting,
from being fingered
to being fucked,
to then being eaten out.
Ah, Kayla.
When you start squirting,
your whole pussy comes alive.
Hail Satan.
You make it sound
like mine is dead.
No, baby, it just needs
to be awakened.
Fuck it, hype it up enough?
Okay, can I get a drink now?
Ah, you don't wanna go down
this rabbit hole.
Bitch, come on, share.
Are you sure
you wanna be a squirting
badass goddess like me?
You know, I'm good for it.
- I actually can't.
- And why the hell not?
Because you're not one of us.
Who?
Angelo and me.
I haven't been
totally honest with you,
but I thought you might
be down to join us.
I'm here, aren't I?
Yeah, it's more than that.
Just listen.
I don't get it.
Get what?
Oh, what, that I'm okay with
you being intimate with Glory?
I mean, swapping
is just physical, man.
It's just in the moment.
But what we do it,
we share it together
and it's consensual.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah,
I don't know about how...
I don't know
how any of this could be
good for a relationship, though.
Seems like every time...
...I get attached to a girl,
I get fucked over.
So when Kayla starts asking me,
"Hey, let's have a threesome"
or, "Hey, let's get crazy
with another couple..."
Uh-huh.
Uh, you know,
I just really see that
as a way of her wanting
to cheat, to be honest so--
Jealousy's a bitch.
It just means you're human, man.
You're mortal.
What the hell
are you talking about?
I mean, what's crazy is already
you've already imagined
what it would look like
if I fuck Kayla in front of you,
and it scares
the living shit out of you.
It hasn't even happened yet
and it shouldn't scare you.
It should actually excite you
because it opens up
so many possibilities.
What? Why the fuck would
something like that excite me?
I mean, I know
this is hard to hear
but honestly,
I think you're a voyeur.
There's a rare breed
of man out there
that really gets turned on
by watching other men
sleep with their
hot girlfriends and hot wives.
I think you might
be in that category.
What? Fuck, no, dude.
Dude, I'm far from that category
but, you know, it sounds like
you're in that category.
I could definitely believe that.
Ah, I know that's easy
to deflect it on me
but no, actually,
I don't get turned on
by watching other men
have sex with Glory, actually.
Like, I don't even know
how we got on this subject,
but you know what?
It's kind of
freaking me out, man,
even imagining this stuff.
So let's just maybe
talk about something else.
It's all mental, man.
It's all in your head.
Literally,
I mean, it is, literally,
your ego
is stopping you from this,
your insecurities
of being jealous and your ego.
I mean, right now,
you're drinking yourself
"Oh, my God,
what if I can't perform
while other people watch me?"
"Oh, oh, what if his dick
is bigger than mine?"
"Oh, my God,
what if I cum too fast?"
Let that shit go.
Just disconnect that ego.
You have to do that,
and I'm telling you
if you stop thinking about
what's going to happen
and just let it happen.
Really?
If I give in to doing this?
Yeah, you keep her wild
by being wild yourself...
...she's gonna love you
for it, watch.
Alright.
Fuck it, I...I guess.
Try it. I mean,
try everything once, right?
I mean, Kayla is...
Keep bugging me about it so.
Rad, are we good now?
That's, uh...
Sorry about the punch.
I mean, I guess
I overreacted so.
It's almost a...
It's almost a full moon,
isn't it?
Almost... tomorrow.
Lies.
Lies all of it.
What the fuck, since when?
Last year,
when I went to Bora Bora,
I woke up a dawn
to the rising sun
and everything inside me
felt alive.
The first day, I was reborn.
I felt like a volcano.
My body,
everything inside of me
boiled up...
...until I couldn't
take it anymore.
I had to have sex.
Lies.
And now... I can't get enough...
...of everything... all of it.
I am addicted to pleasure.
Addicted to life.
Fuck it. I'm down. Down,
down, down, down, down.
Let's go.
Kayla, all jokes aside...
...I'm not trying to
convince you about this.
If you want what I have,
what Angelo has...
...this has to be your choice.
Pretty. Looks old.
Ancient.
Just a taste of what's to come.
Your castle's huge, man.
Are you sure, how do you know
they're even down here?
I don't know,
I could just sense it.
I don't know, you know?
Hey, I could be wrong.
- You hear that?
- Yeah.
Let's find out.
- No, don't.
- I thought we supposed to--
No, no, no, no, no.
Shh, shh, shh.
What is it?
Let, just let the ladies
have their moment.
I don't understand.
We're already here,
why don't we just...
Well, we got all weekend, right?
There's no rush.
Let the ladies catch up
and if they really want us,
they'll let us know, right?
Keep her wild, right?
That's right, that's right.
Did I do good, daddy?
You did so good.
As long as it was her choice.
- It really was.
- Was it?
- Uh-hmm, she was ready.
- She was, huh?
How's everything going with Rad?
Oh, your boy, Rad.
You know, I think
he's warming up to the idea.
But in the meantime,
let's welcome Kayla properly.
Uh-hmm.
Would you like
some breakfast this morning?
- Thought you would never ask.
- Hmm.
Come here.
Wake up, wake up.
Wake up, wake up,
wake up, wake up.
Wake up.
Glory, stop, don't.
Hey, how do you feel?
My contacts,
I think I slept with them in.
Why, is everything clear?
Clear?
- Yeah, I'm not blind.
- Uh-hmm.
Or maybe you don't need to
wear them anymore because...
- No fucking way.
- Yup. Yup.
- I'm a...
- Uh-hmm.
Welcome to a whole new world.
A whole new everything.
Alright, get up,
let's go to the pool.
Alright.
Rad.
Baby, come on.
Come back.
Oh. Rad.
Oh, yeah. Oh, my God.
Rad.
Don't stop.
Oh, yeah. Oh, my God.
Oh. Oh, baby.
Oh, my God.
Oh, oh, yeah.
What the fuck?
Kayla?
- Hey, Sylvia.
- 'Hello?'
- Hey, it's Rad.
- 'Oh, hey, Rad. Are you off?'
'How's your vacation?'
Hey, can you...
Oh, yeah, it's good.
'Jesus, I need a vacation.'
Uh, hey, can you look up
a perp for me?
- 'Yeah. What's the name?'
- Uh.
Yeah, Angelo Veilious.
- V-E-I-L-I-O-U-S.
- 'Okay.'
'Angelo Veilious.'
- 'No, nothing, no priors.'
- What, nothing?
'Nope, actually,
he's not even in the system.'
Strange.
'Maybe he's America's foreign.'
No, it's okay.
Maybe another country, yeah.
'Oh, we should
go for a warrant.'
Uh, alright, that's fine.
'Enjoy your vacation.
Take care, Rad.'
Sure. Yeah, you, too, thanks.
Hey, how was last night?
Love. Kayla?
How was it?
Honestly, uh, I don't remember.
But I feel great.
Alright, well.
- Want your contacts today?
- No.
Hey, are you okay?
You're blind as a bat.
Silly, I'm not a bat.
No, really, I'm good.
More than good.
Are you, are you good?
Uh. Yeah, yeah, I think so.
I mean, last night was crazy,
and I wasn't at my best,
and I kind of fucked up,
actually,
but can you blame me?
I wasn't ready for you
to be with someone else.
No, I understand
and if being here
isn't your thing,
then we can go.
So just like that?
We'll just pack up our stuff.
You leave your girl behind
and we'll just go.
No, I don't wanna go.
I wanna stay,
but this isn't about me.
It's about you.
You have your hangups,
and I don't so.
Hangups.
I'm just trying
to be respectful.
Wow, alright.
- Rad.
- What?
Last night you had
the perfect opportunity
to play it cool, and you
blew up and went into cop mode.
That's what this is about.
You had a problem
with me being a cop.
'Oh, daddy.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.'
Rad, no, I think it's hot
that you're a cop,
but you're not recognizing
that I need to be fed.
Our relationship
needs to be fed.
It's called growing.
I don't wanna stay stagnant.
Things that stay still die.
You know what,
you sound like Angelo.
Well, maybe Angelo
understands me more than you do.
Why are you even with me?
Honestly, I'm wild,
but I can't be wild 24/7.
You're my balance.
So I'm just a yoga pose to you?
Fucking forgive me
if I'm attracted to you
because you're stable as fuck,
when I'm not.
- I'm sorry.
- What?
What are you sorry for?
'Hey, guys, are you guys ready
for the hike?'
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- ''Cause you were horny.'
- 'You know what...'
Now, that, I can see.
Fuck the D.
Gimme some pancakes and jerky.
Sounds good to me.
Fuck, yeah, and some shade, motherfuckers.
Come on, baby,
I got you, come on.
♪ Lights out I'm all over ya ♪
♪ So fucked up
from the way you touch ♪
♪ All mine
so don't play it tough ♪
♪ Before I'm in
and I'm begging like ♪
♪ Please
get down on your knees ♪
- We're going in there?
- Yes, we are.
- Lead the way.
- Go for it, baby.
Alright, alright.
- So horny.
- I've been waiting all day.
Whoa, look, I'm already in.
- Oh, oh, ah, nice.
- Rad, go for it.
Very nice,
we'll be right behind you.
- So cute.
- Come on, Rad.
Show us how it's done.
- Ooh.
- Ah.
- Oh, oh.
- Go.
Oh.
Oh, fuck, oh.
Woo-hoo.
♪ Killed all my blue days
and kill all the grey ♪
♪ Kill all the grey ♪
♪ Run by the memories
of you in my head ♪
Oh, Rad, baby,
don't stop, yeah.
Don't stop.
Oh, my God, Rad.
♪ I feel like the ocean... ♪
Well... that was intense.
Yeah, it was perfect.
Hmm. Yeah, wow.
Rad... I'm yours.
I wanna be yours.
Now, more than ever.
This weekend awakened
something inside of me
and I need a lover like you.
I know the thought
of another man wanting me
drives you crazy, and I know
you're jealous of Angelo
and I know the thought
of him pleasing me
drives you up the wall.
But, Rad... what if I told you...
...I want him?
What if I told you I want him
because I need him?
Why would you need him?
Relax, baby,
it's just something inside me
deeper, wants more.
But do you even know this dude?
Like...
Okay, I ran him in the system
and he said he's American,
but he did not show up.
Really, Rad, you ran him?
Yeah, look,
I had to know for sure.
I needed to know
what we're dealing with here.
Sorry.
Love, Kayla.
I need to...
Do you know what I want?
What?
I want you to join me.
I want you to try.
I'm not doing this without you.
So what are you saying,
are you saying
you want me to fuck Glory?
No.
I want you to love me
so fucking much
that you trust us to explore
and know that
nothing will break us up.
If both of us
fuck another person
with each other's permission
it's not gonna change
what we have.
Look, baby... I love you.
And it's just pleasure,
that's all.
And I need pleasure.
I need you to give me
pleasure in all realms.
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah, I mean...
Yeah, okay.
I'm not forcing you.
- I know.
- Is this what you want?
Well...
If this is what you want,
then it's what I want, alright?
- I want to make you happy.
- Okay.
This is the last night.
I'll miss this.
K-Kayla?
Kayla?
Go ahead, it's your turn.
I wouldn't do that one.
'Haha. Living life on the end.'
- 'What does that say?'
- 'Three spankings from daddy.'
- That's you.
- Position, please.
Have you been
a good girl or a bad girl?
- Bad.
- Alright.
- Ahh.
- Bro, what the fuck, man?
Uh-hmm. Ahh.
Hey, motherfucker,
I'm talking to you.
- What the hell's going on here?
- Hmm.
I haven't fucked Kayla yet.
Rad, what the hell?
Rad, relax.
- Relax, Rad.
- You can spank me too, Rad.
Rad, look at me.
Look at me.
Let it go.
Let it... go.
Rad, I think
you were getting turned on
watching me spank Kayla.
It's called voyeurism.
What, don't gimme that shit.
No, look, I know that you were
watching me and Glory earlier.
- It's okay, man.
- No, I didn't.
That's not what I saw.
Kayla, are you alright?
Isn't this what you wanted?
No, not like this.
Rad, do you know
why you're here?
Yeah, your games,
fuck your games.
Rad, I've been watching you
for like a couple months.
I mean, Glory didn't think
you were the one, but I did.
- Don't listen to him, Rad.
- What the fuck's going on here?
Kayla, can you explain to me
what's going on?
Listen to Angelo.
Kayla, can you
fix your man a strong drink
so he can chill out, please?
- I got you.
- Appreciate that.
Kayla, did you fuck him?
Rad, listen.
Rad, our race goes
back thousands of years
did you know that?
Before Christ even.
We are super rare.
We've been killed off.
We've been hunted.
Salem witch hunt,
remember that one?
The Inquisition, Cortés
Columbus, those animals.
We've fought in wars.
We've protected.
We've preserved. Uh...
Hey, the Crusades.
I didn't always say
we're on the winning side
and we're definitely
not perfect
but we've been around.
What are you talking about?
Can I just get a straight
fucking answer here?
Glory, can you be an angel
and help him out, please?
Okay, come here, officer.
Come sit down.
We're gonna explain it to you.
Relax, listen.
For you, baby.
- Hey, where was I?
- How old are we.
How old are we, that's right.
Well, Glory here
isn't a shade over 30
and we did meet in Rome
at that swinger's party
and it was a sight.
Me, however, mmm...
I'm a little older, thousands.
I like them older.
Bullshit, whatever, man.
Kayla, come on,
get your things packed.
- Let's get outta here.
- Baby, just listen.
- You might change your mind.
- Change my mind about what?
Come on, this is crazy.
Let's get outta here.
You know what really makes
our race really unique?
Is it just takes one bite,
and you can become one of us.
Vampires? You're telling me
you're vampires?
- Come on, get real, man.
- Oh, my gosh, vampires.
Rad, why do you gotta say that?
Why is it,
why is it just because
someone bites a neck
that we're vampires?
It's such a stereotype.
We don't suck blood.
No, no, look,
we don't suck blood,
but occasionally,
yeah, we drink it.
But, look,
we can play in the sunlight.
We can eat garlic.
Hell, we can even
swim in holy water.
Lord, really?
- Yeah, what about silver?
- Fuck a silver.
Now, that shit,
we don't fuck with.
Yeah, fuck silver.
Platinum only, bitches.
Yeah, or gold or gold.
We could fuck with gold,
but fuck a silver
but, look, don't worry
about our weaknesses.
You should be really focused
about what we can do.
We can live
for a very long time.
- No more hangovers.
- Yay.
No more hangovers, dude.
We can drink all we want.
We can do
all the drugs we want,
all the debauchery
and the next morning,
it's like it never
even happened.
So you're a vampire
who doesn't suck blood
but drinks it
and can live forever,
and that doesn't ever
get any hangovers.
Honestly, it doesn't sound
so amazing to me.
Kayla, come on, let's go.
But... you forgot
the most important part.
Fuck me, I did.
Rad, do you know
where the word
hedonism comes from?
Us.
We're the reason
why that word even exist, dude.
We're the origin story
of that word.
- We're hedonists.
- What the fuck is a hedonist?
Our race, our people, man.
We're not vampires,
we're hedonists.
We're the pursuers
of pleasure above all else.
I mean, it's like our blood.
It's our life force, man,
and we need it or we die.
Fucking, touching, seeing
breathing, eating,
drinking, man.
Did Angelo say fucking?
Because, yeah,
we need lots of that, daily.
How wonderful, right?
Right, dude, we need lots of sex
and orgasms on top of sex.
I'm talking pleasure
because if we don't have it
it's like we don't get air,
and we just shrivel up.
So you're sex addicts.
Your race is just
addicted to sex, really?
No, we're more like
the naughty vampires.
It's not that we are, it's why.
You see all of our senses
are heightened now.
The next time you have any food
it's gonna feel like
an orgasm in your mouth.
- Our eyesight is enhanced.
- No more contacts.
The next time
you watch Kayla being ripped,
your eyes are gonna tear up.
Wait, Kayla,
are you one of them already?
- Did you get bit?
- It was just a little bite.
- Did you bite her?
- No.
I did, last night
when you were having
a little bitch fit.
So what happens now?
You're gonna attack
and bite me, turn me into you?
Or you just want me to fuck you?
Kind of a good idea.
Which part?
Alright, you know what?
Lemme just take a second here
and wake up.
What, what, what, what, what?
You're all fucking crazy.
Rad, I can't with you.
Kayla, Glory, can you guys
be two little devils
and excuse us
for a second, please?
Sure, I'll take this.
Kayla, get packed.
Rad, I'm gonna grab
my favorite bottle.
Can you take a walk with me?
Come on, you need to cool off.
Let's make quick.
Ah, man, you need to,
you need to chill out, man.
- So fucking stupid, man.
- Right, you need to relax.
What now, are you gonna
turn to a bat in the full moon?
No, man, that's werewolves.
Oh, you expect me to believe
those are real, too.
Wow, vampires really?
Come on, dude, expect me--
Rad, please,
stop insulting me, man.
I hate that word, vampires.
Look, alright,
somewhere in 11th century
my uncle,
God rest his soul, right,
he used to throw these
lavish fucking theme parties.
He had everyone dress up
a bat and of course,
what, folklore legends
start coming out about
bloodsucking bats,
bloodsucking vampires.
I fucking hate that shit.
We're not vampires.
We're the origins
of vampires, right?
- We're hedons aka hedonists.
- Oh, hedons. Ah, okay.
We're the pursuers
of pleasure, you get it?
Ah, not really, but alright.
So let's just say
you're special.
Is this my invite, because
I'm not joining your club.
- Do you love Kayla?
- Of course. Yeah, madly.
Well, she's not coming
with you then, man.
I came on this weekend trip,
you know
with a girl that I finally
have a connection with
someone that really,
truly understands me
get me out of
my uncomfortable zone
and get me out of this
24/7 cop mindset I'm always in.
I come here,
I finally lower my guard
for the first time
in a long time
and now,
I'm starting to lose her
to this pleasure posse
you've got going on here.
No, no, look, look, I know
that's what it may look like
on the surface, but look,
I know there's been
a lot of sex going on
and forgive me for that, right?
Like, okay, I get it, I get it,
but I've been
bullshitting with you
and I'm sorry, alright?
And this is the truth.
Rad... I need you...
...to continue our race...
...or we all die.
Continue your race?
You need to consider
taking over my legacy
4000 years of experiences
of knowledge, of heartaches,
of just everything.
Intelligence is gonna be
handed to you
and on top of that,
you get to be with the girl
you're madly in love with
by your side forever.
Imagine now, all that knowledge,
all that love forever
and look, as a caveat,
on top of that, guess what?
Glory, too, forever.
- Threesomes forever, homie.
- Oh, okay, yeah, wow.
Okay, so what is this?
I mean, it sounds like
you're just trying to sell me
some kind of
timeshare or something.
I mean, just gonna hand me
over the keys to your kingdom
just like that and okay.
I mean, how come
you haven't just bit me already?
Fuck, Rad, relax, dude.
Look, if I wanted to bite you
you would die right now, why?
Because you're not with this.
You don't want it.
You have to want it.
That's why Kayla didn't die,
because she chose it.
You understand?
Fuck. Alright, answer me this.
- What?
- Why me?
I've been trying to tell you
all weekend, man,
'cause you're a virgin.
You're a virgin of life,
and if I hand you over
all of my experiences
and legacy
I just feel like,
because you haven't done
much yet in your life
that you'll appreciate it.
I'm not that much of a virgin.
You could have fooled me, man.
Look, I can give it
to just anyone,
but I don't want to.
It's a gift.
If I give it to someone
that's already all used up
they're just gonna abuse it.
Look, I don't wanna
break your heart,
but the very thought
of another man
biting my neck, just--
- What?
- Well, it's not gonna happen.
Alright, so you want me
to bite your dick?
- No, neither.
- I don't either, bro.
I'm just playing, I'm just
playing, but, dude, alright
look, I'm not trying
to convince you, alright?
I'm done, I'm done
trying to do that.
And there's a second option,
right, there is.
I could bite your neck,
I can kill you
and drink all your blood
and I'll live another
extended hundred years, right
and maybe I'll find someone
and not wither away.
Rad, Rad, Rad, why?
Rad, don't , don't...
Fuck, why did you?
Rad, don't. Why did you do that?
- Mm.
- Why'd you do that?
Why not?
That's my blood in there, man.
What are you doing?
You fucking kidding me, man?
- I'm not.
- Jesus.
- What?
- Dude, fuck you, man.
This is rid... You know what?
We're outta here.
- Rad.
- Goddammit.
Rad!
Don't drink and drive, Rad.
Fuck, fuck.
Kayla, fucking vampires
and shit.
Kayla, you...
Kayla.
♪ It's easy to get lost ♪
Hey, Rad...
...you gotta make the choice.
♪ You don't know that ♪
- Do you want this?
- Officer, do you want this?
- Kayla?
- Baby, I got you.
And I've got you.
Yeah, promise.
'So good.'
Yes, Rad.
I love you, Rad Henderson.
♪ I'll be waiting ♪
I'm sorry, b-bad timing,
but I have to pee.
- What?
- He has to pee.
- Yeah.
- Are you fucking joking?
Yeah, I'm sorry, you know.
Totally unexpected,
but I-I just...
I-I do want this,
I promise, but I just...
I'll be right back.
I don't even know what to say.
I'm...
Wow.
Okay.
Oh, what should we do then?
Wait from him or...
I think we should
just go for it.
Alright, so fuck it.
Come on, man,
get it together.
Fucking vampires and shit.
Fucked my life.
Okay.
Oh, my gosh. Kayla.
Rad.
What the flying fuck, Rad.
Baby...
...you don't have to do this.
Think about it, you and I...
...we could live forever.
'911, what's your emergency.'
There's been a shooting.
Just send everybody
to this GPS on my phone.
'Hello, hello?'
Jesus, bro, really?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Really, I was about to give you
the keys to the kingdom
and you're gonna shoot me?
You're gonna shoot everyone?
Oh, my gosh,
are you that dumb?
I mean, really, man. Come on.
You shot me, Rad.
Really, Rad?
You shot me.
- How are you guys alive?
- Wow, officer.
You really didn't wanna fuck me.
On to the bed,
come on, come here.
- I got him. Sit him up.
- You're not going anywhere.
I don't really wanna hear him.
You know what, Rad?
All you had to do
was open your mind
but you couldn't even do that,
could you?
Right, you could have
lived forever
and now,
I gotta drink your blood.
I didn't wanna drink
your blood, dude,
but now, I have to.
Fuck me, it's tragic.
We could have lived
together forever, baby.
Yeah, whatever.
Hey, man, uh,
do you want a safety word?
You know what, fuck it.
You don't even deserve one.
Fuck it, man.
♪ Run by the memories
of you in my head ♪
♪ It feels like the ocean
the roses start raise ♪
♪ I love you more boy
than you can imagine ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ I love you more than
the seas on the planet ♪
♪ Seas on the planet ♪
♪ Killed all my blue days
and kill all the grey ♪
♪ Kill all the grey ♪
♪ Run by the memories
of you in my head ♪